;; -*- mode: emacs-lisp -*-
;; This file is where Emacs writes custom variables.
;; Spacemacs will copy its content to your dotfile automatically in the
;; function `dotspacemacs/emacs-custom-settings'.
;; Do not alter this file, use Emacs customize interface instead.

(custom-set-variables
 ;; custom-set-variables was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 '(package-selected-packages
   '(yasnippet-snippets ws-butler writeroom-mode visual-fill-column winum volatile-highlights vi-tilde-fringe uuidgen unfill undo-tree queue treemacs-projectile treemacs-persp treemacs-magit treemacs-icons-dired treemacs cfrs pfuture posframe toc-org symon symbol-overlay string-inflection string-edit spaceline-all-the-icons memoize all-the-icons spaceline powerline smeargle restart-emacs request rainbow-delimiters quickrun popwin persp-mode password-generator paradox spinner overseer orgit-forge orgit org-superstar org-rich-yank org-projectile org-category-capture org-present org-pomodoro alert log4e gntp org-mime org-download org-contrib org-cliplink open-junk-file nameless mwim multi-line shut-up mmm-mode markdown-toc macrostep lorem-ipsum link-hint inspector info+ indent-guide hungry-delete htmlize hl-todo highlight-parentheses highlight-numbers parent-mode highlight-indentation helm-xref helm-themes helm-swoop helm-purpose window-purpose imenu-list helm-projectile helm-org-rifle helm-org helm-mode-manager helm-make helm-ls-git helm-git-grep helm-flx helm-descbinds helm-company helm-c-yasnippet helm-ag google-translate golden-ratio gnuplot gitignore-templates git-timemachine git-modes git-messenger git-link gh-md fuzzy forge yaml markdown-mode magit ghub closql emacsql-sqlite emacsql treepy magit-section git-commit with-editor transient flyspell-correct-helm flyspell-correct flycheck-pos-tip pos-tip flycheck-package package-lint flycheck-elsa flycheck pkg-info epl flx-ido flx fancy-battery eyebrowse expand-region evil-visualstar evil-visual-mark-mode evil-unimpaired f evil-tutor evil-textobj-line evil-surround evil-org evil-numbers evil-nerd-commenter evil-matchit evil-lisp-state evil-lion evil-indent-plus evil-iedit-state evil-goggles evil-exchange evil-escape evil-ediff evil-collection annalist evil-cleverparens smartparens evil-args evil-anzu anzu eval-sexp-fu emr iedit clang-format projectile paredit list-utils elisp-slime-nav editorconfig dumb-jump s drag-stuff dired-quick-sort devdocs define-word company column-enforce-mode clean-aindent-mode centered-cursor-mode auto-yasnippet yasnippet auto-highlight-symbol ht dash auto-dictionary auto-compile packed compat aggressive-indent ace-window ace-link ace-jump-helm-line helm avy helm-core ac-ispell auto-complete popup which-key use-package pcre2el hydra lv hybrid-mode font-lock+ evil goto-chg dotenv-mode diminish bind-map bind-key async)))
(custom-set-faces
 ;; custom-set-faces was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 )
